- Previously on Yellowjackets...
- [clamoring]
- [Callie] Get away from her!
- [gunshot]
[Lottie]
Is that your daughter?
- She's so powerful.
- [Van] Move!
- [Shauna] Misty!
- [Misty crying] It's too late.
[Lottie]
We gave It what It wanted.
[bartender] That's seven shots
of rail whiskey.
- I think you've had enough.
- I'm trouble.
I've lit dicks on fire.
[phone vibrating]
Hey, Principal Benic.
[Jeff] Our daughter
was suspended for assaulting
girls with guts?
- Oh, my God. [gasps]
- [screaming over video]
♪ tense music ♪
- [Taissa] Hey, you good?
- What is it?
♪
[Lottie]
You feel anything?
I feel everything.
[screams]
[Taissa]
We're doing this? I'll go first.
You meet me out back.
- Excuse me.
- Just run.
- [horn honks]
- [shouts]
- [man] Hey, somebody help!
- [grunts]
[Ben]
Come and get it, Bambi.
[Lottie]
We gather to honor the child,
now with the Wilderness.
Shauna just spit in my food.
[grunting]
Fuck this.
No, screw all of you!
[whimpering]
[Mari]
Help!
Help! Help!
- [Ben] Whoa, hey. Hey.
- Help!
- Please, somebody!
- Hey. Hey, stop.
Help!
[whimpers]
Goddamn it, Mari, knock it off!
[crying]
If you're gonna kill me,
just make it quick.
If I'm gonna k--
Jesus Christ.
Pull it together, would you?
Um...
[grunting]
I think it's broken.
- [sighs] All right.
- [whimpering]
All right, listen to me.
Listen, stop.
- [crying]
- Just, um...
just try wiggling
your toes first, okay?
Yeah? Good. Good, that's great.
It looks like it's just
dislocated, so...
you're gonna have to pop it
back in place.
- No. No.
- No, hey, listen to me.
It's pretty straightforward.
All right?
All you're gonna do
is straighten that leg.
At the same time,
you're gonna put pressure
on the outside of your kneecap.
[panting]
- [Ben] Come on.
- [groaning]
[Mari]
No, I-I can't. I can't, I can't.
Yeah, well, guess what?
I can't do it for you.
It's only gonna hurt worse
the longer you wait.
Swelling's probably
gonna cut off circulation,
you could get gangrene.
Hey, just do it. Now, go, push.
Harder, Mari. Come on, you can
do this. You have to do it.
- [bones crack]
- [screaming]
[Shauna panting]
[Misty]
It's a boy.
It's a boy, Shauna.
- [sniffles]
- [Shauna] I love you so much.
♪ haunting, atmospheric music ♪
♪
Where is he? What did you do?
He was alive! He was alive.
I held him. I...
Why can't you hear him cry?
Why can't you hear?
[baby crying]
[crying stops]
[Shauna whispers] It's you
and me against the whole world.
♪ "No Return" by Craig Wedren
and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool, nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired, nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh, so cute, so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit, just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return, no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
[Misty]
If she was waiting till sunrise,
she'd be back by now.
[Natalie]
She could be asleep somewhere.
Could anyone sleep after
hearing those screams?
For real, like,
what if those sounds
were something eating Mari?
[Taissa] Shauna. Mari didn't
came home last night.
- Any insight here?
- I don't know.
Where even were you just now?
[Natalie] Jesus,
we don't have time for this.
I'm gonna find Mari.
Is anyone else in?
Shauna, you're coming with me.
I'm not looking for her.
Fuck Mari.
- I-I'm coming, too, Nat.
- We're going, too, right?
- Yeah, but not with them.
- Obviously.
Hey, uh, if you're going
looking for Mari,
I still know
the woods really well.
- [Van] Yeah?
- Can I come with you?
- Sure.
- You guys go up on ahead.
I need Travis for something.
♪ gentle, haunting music ♪
♪
You should take even more today.
Travis, you heard it,
you're connecting with it.
We have to keep going.
Lottie, I don't, I don't know.
Shouldn't we help find Mari?
Hey... we all want Mari home.
But this thing that
you're tapping into
is so much bigger
than any one of us.
♪ dark, discordant music ♪
♪
[fridge door opens]
- And what is this?
- [sighs] You know,
I'm just excited for things
to get back to normal,
and, you know,
to put my family first again.
Shauna, wow, like,
that sounds great.
- [laughs softly] I love it.
- Aww.
Yeah.
[sighs]
Oh, my God,
that's really good timing,
with tonight and everything.
[groans]
Tell me you didn't forget.
- Of course I didn't.
- The dinner, Shauna.
Those hip little hotshots,
they're turning
the Jolly Hitcher
into this fancy boutique hotel?
I score that contract,
that's huge for us.
I got to impress these fuckers.
- Yes, yeah. The dinner.
- Yeah.
You okay?
- Looks like you're trying
- to think of an excuse.
- [chuckles]
What? Jeff, no. I'm...
No.
[stammers]
Callie ha-- um...
- [doorbell rings]
- Oh, shit.
Well, I better get the door.
Nope. Absolutely not.
- Hello, Shauna.
- Take your shit
and get off my lawn.
[sighs]
- Company?
- [knocking on door]
[door opens]
♪
Jeff.
[sighs]
Thank you for inviting me
into your home.
- [chuckles]
- [Shauna] No, Lottie,
this is not us
inviting you into our home.
This is us getting you
off the porch,
so the neighbors
don't call the cops
when they spot
some Goop sorceress
rambling about
the fucking tree spirits.
Call a car and go.
Shauna, I have nowhere to go.
I only just got out
of the psychiatric hold
that you all called that night.
Are you kidding?
Do you mean the night
that you tried to kill me?
You pulled all that shit
in front of my daughter.
I agree.
I-I mean, Callie never
should've seen those things
or have been there.
But it was Jeff who brought her.
Ooh, I'm gonna stop you
right there.
- Do not, don't--
- Mom?
Cal, it's okay.
You don't need to be nervous.
Lottie was just leaving.
[Lottie]
I, uh, I know you think
that we're on
opposite sides here,
but it was a heartbreaking
experience for all of us.
I was shot. I was locked up.
We lost Natalie, I lost my home,
my community,
everything that I have built.
Well, I hope
that night has ruined my life
to your satisfaction.
- [Shauna] Lottie...
- [sniffles]
Obviously,
she should stay with us.
- Uh, hmm...
- Um...
Yeah, Cals, I-I just
don't think that's a good plan.
[Callie]
So, what, a friend needs help
and you're just like, what,
"Get off my lawn"?
Yeah, she said that.
Oh, my God, Mom.
Of course you did.
You have such "I want to speak
- to the manager" energy.
- [Jeff] Cal.
Thank you.
First of all, I do fucking not.
Second of all,
Lottie, just, o-outside
for... a second.
Y-You two, family meeting,
right now.
[sighs]
[door opens]
- [door closes]
- Um...
Hard no.
That woman ran a cult,
she almost got
your mother killed.
She can't ride this out
on some, uh,
purple person futon
or something?
Yeah. Agreed, agreed.
Callie, I cannot,
in good conscience,
let this dangerous person
stay with us.
Look, I love us, guys,
I really do.
But if we're talking dangerous,
didn't you recently dismember
your lover for some blackmail
- Dad committed...
- Hey. [shushing]
[whispers] ...then enlist
all of us in the cover-up?
Is our family's scorecard
not: murder,
accomplice to murder
and attempted murder?
We pulled up to that place
with, like,
five Datelines' worth
of problems.
Mom,
she's unwell.
And I just feel like, lately,
a little forgiveness has gone
a long way around here.
[sighs]
[Jeff]
Are you kidding me? Shauna.
- No way. No way.
- [Shauna] I know, I know.
- No... way.
- I know, but-but-but...
...but what if she just stays
for one night?
And then, tomorrow, we figure
out what to do with her.
One night. One night.
We cannot leave those two alone.
- No, no, no, no.
- And you can't bail
- on this dinner, okay?
- Fuck.
[sighs]
- Jeff.
- Huh?
This meeting,
is it one of those things
where people say shit like,
"It's not a hotel room,
it's an experience"?
Shauna, of course it is.
Don't fuck this up.
[Van]
♪ Virtual insanity now ♪
♪ Always seem to ♪
[scatting]
♪ We have ♪
♪ Useless twisting ♪
- ♪ Da-da-dee, technology ♪
- [chuckling]
♪ Oh, now there is no sound ♪
♪ For we all live underground ♪
Thank you!
Taissa Turner,
ladies and gentlemen.
Whoo!
[laughs]
Morning.
- Morning.
- So, I'm actually
feeling a little bit bad
about last night.
- The sex part?
- No...
- [chuckles]
- But the dine and dash part.
[laughs] You mean
the crime of the century?
And-and I loved it,
but, um, also,
I will probably
swing by there later today
just to settle up
with our server
and, you know, explain to him
how it was all your fault.
Oh, wait-- I'm sorry.
- What? My-my fault?
- [chuckles]
[chuckles] Oh, are you
selling me out, Palmer?
How do I know
you're not wearing a wire?
There's only one way
to find out.
- [exhales sharply]
- [laughs]
- Well, that sounds like a dare.
- Ooh, mm.
- Get over here.
- [chuckles]
- Arms out, little lady.
- Ooh.
Yeah. Got to frisk you.
- Oh.
- [both laugh]
Where is that wire?
- Is it here? Is it here?
- [microphone feedback]
No.
[breathing heavily]
[giggles]
Ow! Oh, fuck, motherfucker!
Oh, God.
- Let me see.
- Oh, shi...
We talked about you leaving
your dishes on the floor.
[Van] Very cool,
thank you for thinking
about that right now.
Okay, on the count of three.
Ready?
One, two.
[groans]
Okay.
[chuckles]
This counts as me
saving your life again.
Ugh.
- [sighs]
- Fuck.
All right, let's wrap that up
and get you to a doctor.
I don't need to see a doctor.
- It doesn't need stitches.
- What are you talking about?
I could see inside your foot.
It can get infected.
It's not gonna get infected.
It's fine.
- Van, in your condition--
- No...
Please do not speak to me
that way.
Yeah, no, I'm so sorry.
I get it.
But... can we not take
any chances?
[phone vibrating]
[sighs]
Fine.
I will take myself
to the fucking doctor.
Tell you what, mm...
You go to the doctor, and I'll
deal with the restaurant.
[Walter clears throat]
No. Go away.
No, ma'am,
I'm not gonna do that,
and your circadian rhythm will
ultimately thank me.
Up, up.
Now, what you're
looking at here is
the Tattersall
Oopsie Daisy Tray.
Eggs over oopsie, boopsie bacon,
and this here is the
Lucky Daisy Bottoms-Up Tonic,
which I do recommend
you drink quickly.
It can sometimes
burn going down.
[sniffs]
Ugh.
No, thank you.
Some light calisthenics, then?
Flush out those toxins.
I thought
you might want to get up,
and then I thought you
might want to, you know,
have a chat
about what happened last night.
Which is of course, no biggie,
except that it did seem to me
like what is sometimes called
a "cry for help."
And if it was that,
consider it answered.
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
Hi, Shauna.
No. No, I-- No, I don't.
6 p.m.?
[clears throat]
Okay. [chuckles]
That sounds amazing.
I can't wait.
All right, see you tonight.
[sighs]
What?
- That was Shauna?
- You know it was.
Finally returning your call
from last night?
Well, we didn't really
talk about that.
Exactly.
So not even acknowledging
your call from last night.
[groans]
What is this?
The Socratic method?
Just...
[sighs]
make your point.
These "friends" of yours,
I-I can't help but observe
that they only come around
when they need
something from you.
- [groans]
- And are conspicuously
absent when you need them.
Times like last night.
Or, if you think about it,
any night
over the last six weeks.
It's Wednesday.
On Wednesdays, you and I
clean Caligula's cage.
[sighs]
Walter.
Sometimes I forget that you
can't possibly understand
relationships forged
in life-and-death experiences.
See, us survivors,
we're not sitting around
keeping some petty log
of who needed what, when.
[sighs]
Our bond just runs
deeper than that.
And while I appreciate
that you're worried about me,
and your commitment
to cage maintenance,
I am overdue for some
one-on-one time
with one of the incredible women
that I owe my life to.
So, uh, do you mind?
- I'm gonna... I'm gonna dressed.
- Right.
♪ slow, intriguing music ♪
♪
[young Misty]
Where do you think she is?
We know that Mari
skipped dinner,
and there's a ton of berries
up that way,
so I say we head south.
[chuckles]
Great idea. Decisive.
You know, if there's anything
that you want to talk about,
I'm a really great listener.
And this is kind
of like a road trip,
so we can share stories,
discuss the issues of the day...
Yeah. You know,
a lot of the time
when Travis and I went out
hunting,
we wouldn't really say anything.
We would kind of quietly just...
[sighs]
Too many people have
disappeared without a trace--
Crystal, Coach Scott.
Fuck Coach Scott.
Do you think that he's dead?
Do you...
definitely think
that he burned the cabin down?
Coach Scott always
believed in you.
I feel like he'd be really proud
of everything that you've built.
Coach Scott didn't know shit
about me.
We basically never spoke.
[young Mari]
Oh, my God, I fixed it.
Oh, thank God.
[gasping]
[straining, panting]
[grunting]
[panting]
Coach!
Coach, you can't leave me here.
How am I supposed to climb out?
I'll starve.
Something will eat me.
That-that thing
that was screaming.
I never believed
you burned down the cabin.
What are you talking about?
- The cabin burned down?
- Seriously?
It burned for, like, weeks.
You're saying
you didn't even smell it?
Honestly, I've been staying
as far away from all of you
as humanly possible.
Stay here.
Stay quiet.
But...
Hi.
Uh...
- Mom?
- Oh. [chuckles softly]
It's okay. She invited me.
- [Jeff quietly] Oh, she's here.
- [door closes]
- Hi.
- Ooh.
I-I didn't know
it was a dressy thing.
- I would've--
- [Lottie] Misty.
How are you?
[stammers]
Can I...?
Wait.
Is this an intervention?
Is everybody here?
What?
Did Walter call you?
Uh, you know, about,
about my-my drinking?
Do you have a drinking problem?
I don't know. Do I?
Uh, Misty. Lottie's here
'cause she's staying with us.
- [Shauna] Temporarily.
- [Lottie] Yes.
This family was kind enough
to offer me a port in a storm.
Okay. Um...
[clicks tongue]
Then wha-what am I doing here?
Jeff, um, has an important
work dinner tonight--
Lottie, has anyone shown you
where the linens are?
We have a terrific selection.
Come on.
I'll show you. One of the perks
of being in the biz.
- [Lottie] Please.
- She loves linens.
Wait, wait.
So, am I here to babysit?
No. No, no, no, no.
Of course not.
Um... Oh, fuck, yes.
Sort of.
I'm sorry. I-I called you
because I trust you, okay?
Lottie just showed up here.
I cannot leave her alone
with Callie.
Callie's already suspended,
and the last thing I need is
her getting her head all
filled up with you-know-what.
What am I supposed to do?
Well, Callie has
some schoolwork to do,
so I guess just
keep Lottie busy.
Keep them from talking
to each other.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
We're gonna be late.
Okay. [sighs]
Um, thank you, Misty.
You're a lifesaver.
I owe you. [chuckles]
- Okay, here, here, here.
- Oh, thanks.
Right. Okay,
I'll, uh, put this away.
And, you know, does that mean
that it's any less
heartbreaking?
Of course not, but...
if-if seeing the way that
Coach Scott and I ended things
with such grace last summer
did help you
with your own breakup
with Travis,
then I'm just so grateful
that I could be
a guiding light for you.
Wait. Yeah. You know,
you really were.
Really?
Are you making fun of me?
No, uh, for real.
Um, uh, let's-let's go
this way instead.
I think that we might've--
Look. A clue!
[chuckles]
Is something wrong?
No, I... I-I just don't think
that Mari could have
set that up.
Um, must be one of ours.
Um, this part of the woods
is a bust.
Let's head east.
I thought you wanted
to go south,
in case Mari needs berries.
Well, there's berries
to the east of us, too.
Come on, let's go.
Yeah, let's go.
♪
♪ dark, eerie music ♪
- [drawer closes]
- Hey.
Did you need something?
Callie, I understand
that you have homework
you're supposed to be
working on,
so I'll expect
a status report at 2100.
- Okay?
- What?
And, Lottie,
it looks like the pantry
has never even once
been alphabetized, so let's go.
Let's, uh,
let's set things right.
Come on.
[young Taissa]
Mari!
- Mari!
Here, piggy, piggy.
- [shouts]
- She could be dead.
Well, then,
she won't be offended.
And if she's dead--
If she's dead, Natalie's fucked.
God, she boned that so hard.
Not to mention,
she wouldn't let anyone
go looking for Coach.
What kind of message
does that send?
[laughs softly]
Yeah, well, she never wanted
to believe he did it.
I get that, but...
who else could it have been?
[Van]
You think you'd be better?
Do you not?
Maybe. I don't know.
Wow, thanks for the vote
of confidence.
Please, come on.
I have every confidence in you.
But this place, it's messy.
It doesn't want to be governed.
What are you saying?
[distant screaming]
♪ pulsing, intense music ♪
♪
That's Travis.
[screaming]
- [screams]
- [wailing]
What...
- [Taissa] Travis.
- Oh, they're coming.
- No, no, they're coming. No.
- Hey, talk to me.
- No. No, I don't--
- Who's coming?
- Talk to me, Travis, talk to me.
- I don't want to see them.
No, get away from me.
One, one, one, one,
two, three, eyes on me.
[panting]
- Hey. Hey.
- [stammers]
No! No, no, no, no.
It's trying to get inside me.
- It's okay. I know it's scary.
- No, I can't...
It doesn't want to hurt you,
it doesn't want to hurt you.
- It doesn't want to hurt you.
- I don't want to-- No!
What are you doing, Lottie?
- Travis, stop!
- [Van] Travis, stop. Get off.
[panting]
- [Lottie] Travis.
- [grunts]
Travis.
- Hey, Trav... hey.
- What are you doing to him?
- Hasn't he been through enough?
- [Lottie] It's fine.
He's just learning to hear it.
Travis. Travis.
[crying softly]
Hi. Ugh.
God, I just love this place.
Uh, we actually had
the best meal here last night.
But you know what?
On our way out,
we forgot to pay.
- You forgot to pay?
- Yes.
I, um...
Well, my wife has cancer.
So...
[chuckles] so I just wanted
to square up today
and hugely overtip
for your troubles.
We're a cashless restaurant.
You don't say.
Okay.
Are you sure
we can't just do cash?
I have more than enough
to cover this.
It's a weird day,
I'm just filling in.
Let me ask how to do this.
[soft music playing]
♪
Hmm.
[laughs softly]
♪ dark, pulsing music ♪
♪
What happened to your friend?
[staffer]
It's terrible.
He had a heart attack
last night.
Mid-shift, right there
on the sidewalk.
[speaks indistinctly]
Wait.
Stop her! Stop!
Should I put this under "M"
for "mac and cheese"
or "P" for "pasta"? Hmm.
You know,
I felt responsible, too,
- for what happened.
- Oh, well, there's shells
and cheese also,
so maybe I should just put it
all under "N" for "N cheese."
And then I realized
that Natalie's death
was exactly as It intended,
and it wasn't my fault
and it wasn't yours.
I literally put a syringe
full of fentanyl
into her chest.
You didn't do it on purpose.
And we were honoring It.
Offering It what It wanted.
And just like always, It chose.
So, they just...
they just let you right
out of the hospital, huh?
Oh, by law, they can't
prevent me from leaving
just because they don't
agree with my faith.
And...
outside of that,
I am perfectly normal.
[scoffs]
What-what a mess.
They have allergy medication
in with the spices.
And what is this?
Dog antibiotics from 2012?
- You're angry with me.
- Yes.
Yes, I am.
And I cannot believe
that Shauna, of all people,
- would allow--
- [soft creaking]
Callie?
Is that you?
You can't possibly have
finished all your homework.
True, but I'm home
from school all week,
so it doesn't really matter.
I was actually thinking
maybe we could all hang out,
you know, sleepover style?
Yes, come on.
That sounds fun. Yes.
Great. Who's in? Rum milk punch?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- Why not?
- Well, because I am hungover,
she's medicated, hopefully,
and you're, what, like 15?
[Callie]
Seventeen.
And already in trouble.
And your mother put me
- in charge of you, so...
- Mm-hmm.
- [sighs]
- [Callie] So...
This is not a time
for socializing.
What is it you're afraid of,
exactly? My mom?
To be fair,
we're all afraid of your mom.
[chuckles] Come on. Why do you
hate sleepovers so much?
I don't hate sleepovers.
I mean, I've technically
never been to one, but--
- What?
- [Lottie] Misty.
You've never been
to a sleepover?
What was our time out
in the wilderness
besides one really long,
really cold sleepover?
So I'm pretty sure
I got the point.
Really, I don't think you do.
Come on, we have to fix this.
Please?
Without you,
it won't feel like a sleepover.
[sighs]
Okay.
But can we please--
let's take it easy
- with the alcohol, all right?
- Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
Can we play, um,
"light as a feather,
stiff as a board"?
I've always been really curious
- about that science.
- Oh, yeah.
So glad we made this work.
I love a tapas hang.
Is this your spot?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
- Nice.
- It's totally our spot. Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
So, uh, Joel and Nathan...
- Yeah.
- ...how did you guys start out?
We're just a couple
humble motherfuckers, man.
You know, we started from zero.
Now properties
from Palm Springs to Asbury.
It's a, it's a brand, it's
aspirational, it's lifestyle.
We always say,
"It's not a hotel,
- it's an experience." Yes.
- "It's an experience."
I say that, I get it.
I get it, boys.
[Nathan]
Totally. Hey, hey, Jeff gets it.
[Jeff] So, gentlemen,
I'll be honest with you,
I wasn't sure I was gonna
take this meeting,
because business
at the shop has been hot.
But I heard your vision,
and what a fit.
I think we have
just the kind of inventory
that you guys are looking for.
High-quality, mid-century
modern shit for days.
But you guys already know that.
We're all sitting here 'cause
you're trying to figure out
if Sadecki Furniture
can scale up
to fill an order this size
on a Q2 installation timeline.
Right?
My friends, we're built for it,
'cause no shop
in Central Jersey has the kind
of legacy distributor
relationships I have.
And my installation guys
are madmen.
They fucking live for this shit.
[soft laughter]
So, uh, anything to start?
Yeah. What do you say?
Tapas for the table, please.
So, all of them?
Uh...
- [Shauna] No, um...
- [Jeff] Uh...
I think we are just gonna--
we'll start with the ceviche,
- and for now, we'll just...
- Right. Ceviche.
- ...keep looking.
- Of course. That's the usual.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Oh, oh. Hey. Tyler!
Excuse us, one sec.
- "Tyler."
- Idiot.
- Huh?
- Nothing.
Hey, can you just put
the phone away, please?
'Cause I'm dying over here,
and just feel free to,
you know, tap in any time.
I am just trying to get
a Misty update,
and she's...
[grunts softly]
- Honey.
- Hmm?
You are doing great.
You do not need me, okay?
Also, I don't know
if I even want you
doing business with these guys.
The Joels are just like,
ugh, fucking excruciating.
Would you just relax with that?
And only one of them's
named Joel.
Oh, who cares?
They're just, like,
both such bland little,
- ugh, Joels.
- Okay, honey. Hey.
Phones at the table again?
- Really?
- [chuckles]
Hey.
[clears throat]
Uh, I will be right back.
[Fiona Apple's "Criminal"
playing]
I'm sick of this.
Can we play something else?
[Misty]
Uh, yeah, of course.
We could play, um,
Slap or Crazy Eights.
- Something other than cards.
- Hmm.
- Truth or dare?
- [Lottie gasps]
Oh, yes. Y-Yes, yes.
I haven't played that
since high school.
[Misty]
Well, exactly.
Why would Callie
want to play "truth or dare"
with a bunch
of boring grown-ups?
The body count's a little high
for you to claim to be boring.
What a great point.
Maybe we need another round.
Misty, you'd better catch up.
It's a little boozy for me.
Oh, I can fix that.
Did I see you found
grenadine in there?
♪ Just because she can ♪
♪ Don't tell me to deny it ♪
♪ I've done wrong ♪
♪ And I want to suffer
for my sins... ♪
Mmm.
[Callie sighs]
So...
...where were we?
[Lottie]
Hmm...
truth.
What-- seriously? No.
Lottie, you need to ask
for a dare. Actually, no.
It was supposed to be my turn,
and I would like a dare.
I want to know
what happened out there.
Were you really going
to kill my mom?
[Misty]
Of course not.
My only intention
that night was...
to offer It what It needed.
I told you to give her a dare.
Otherwise, you're gonna hear--
I want to hear more.
I want to know what "It" is.
[Misty]
Well, that's too bad.
Because you had one question and
now it's my turn, so dare me.
N-No, that's not how it works.
- Go ahead. Dare me.
- [Callie] Fine.
- Chug that.
- [Misty] Well, that is cheating.
All right, then go slash
your dad's tires.
I-I... I decline.
I should've known you were
gonna get all lame on us.
I did not, and...
[scoffs] Fine.
Ugh.
[panting]
[exhales] Okay, Callie,
no more "It" talk.
Now, you're suspended
from school.
Truth, I want to know
what you did to get in trouble.
Mm. No, no, no. That's not how--
No, it's okay, I can answer.
Some girls were bullying me,
saying that you all survived
out there by eating each other.
[laughs] That--
That is ridiculous. Right?
People have been
telling that story
since the day we-we got back.
Exactly. So, did you?
[Misty] Think of how
screwed up we would be
if we had survived a plane crash
only to end up
eating each other.
Oh, I do think about it.
[Lottie]
Of course you think about it.
How could you not?
Well, you've seen it.
In fact, I think
that you understand
the way that we are
better than anyone
who didn't go through it.
But, Callie, I-I promise you...
it wasn't at all
like people say.
[soft thud]
[snoring]
Misty. Misty.
All right, why don't you look
more worried right now?
Truth, or...?
[Ben]
Tie that around your waist.
[Ben grunts]
[grunts]
All right, I'm gonna pull
so you don't
have to put pressure
on that leg.
- Here we go.
- [grunts]
[grunts]
[panting]
[Mari gasping]
Here. Let me help.
[yelps, grunts]
What are you doing?
[grunting]
[whimpering]
[panting]
I'm sorry,
but you've already seen me.
I can't just let you
go back to the others.
If you didn't even burn
the cabin down,
then what are you
so worried about?
Like the truth would even matter
to that mob.
I know you guys
killed and ate Javi.
You really telling me
I wouldn't be next?
That's what I thought.
Now stand up.
I can't.
Mari...
get up.
[grunts, strains]
[panting]
Look...
I don't want to hurt you.
I just need time to think.
So we're gonna take
a little walk.
We're gonna talk it slow
and I'm gonna tell you
when to turn.
[sobbing]
Arm.
Let's go.
♪ slow, eerie music ♪
♪
[preacher sermonizing
in Spanish]
[accordion music playing]
[congregation]
Amen.
[speaking Spanish]
[continues in Spanish]
[drops cigarette]
[congregation]
Amen.
[preacher speaking Spanish]
♪ dark, tense music ♪
♪
[siren wailing in distance]
[busy chatter]
Misty, I'm just checking in.
How are you not
picking up right now?
[sighs]
[seat clatters]
[bathroom door opens, closes]
♪ haunting music ♪
♪
[thudding heartbeat]
[footsteps retreating]
[bathroom door opens]
- [light switch clicks]
- [keys jingling]
[Shauna panting]
[light switch clicks]
[ringtone playing "Queen
of Hearts" by Juice Newton]
♪ Knowing it ain't
really smart ♪
♪ The Joker
ain't the only fool ♪
♪ Who'll do any-- ♪
[breathing heavily]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Joel] We love a piece
that just fucks, right?
Does your stock fuck, Jeff?
Um, yeah.
Uh, our credenzas
are a regular fuck-fest.
- [Joel] Yeah.
- [laughter]
- Hi.
- [Shauna] Uh, somebody
left this in the bathroom.
I guess I'm just gonna
leave it with you?
All right, I'll take it.
And just...
[Joel]
We're gonna need more than that.
- Oh, yeah, just for an example.
- [Joel] Yeah.
Is everything cool?
- What was all that?
- Uh...
Nothing.
But, like... [chuckles]
What happened in there?
Let's talk about something else.
[chuckles] Listen, Jeff, uh...
we love
that you're not some chain.
You know? Y-You're a fucking
self-made doer, just like us.
Sure, you're stuck
in smalltime shit right now,
and-and obviously we're your
lifeline-- Hey, you're doing
a hell of a dance for us,
you really are,
but is this
the right collab for us?
Mmm...
[Joel]
You know, TBD, TBD.
- Uh, hey--
- [Shauna] Joel.
- [Joel] Yeah.
- What does your dad do?
- [chuckles] M-My dad, uh...
- [Nathan laughs]
- He's retired. Yeah.
- [Shauna] Oh.
Anyways, I-I got a question
about Wiskayok.
- All right.
- [Joel] So--
[Shauna]
Sorry. Excuse me. Um...
What did he do?
Uh, he was in real estate.
- Real estate?
- [Jeff] Hmm.
Yeah.
[chuckles] Just like you.
- Oh, my God.
- Well, that's good.
Any, uh, particular kind, or...?
Hotels.
[Shauna]
Wow.
Oh, my God, what are the odds?
That's...
Two self-made
hotel real estate men,
- in one family back-to-back?
- [Jeff] Shauna.
[Shauna] Totally independent
of one another?
All right. [laughs] Shauna.
[chuckling] No, I-I mean,
this is hilarious.
[Nathan]
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Joel, you painful little boner.
Do you really think
that I give a shit
what you think of me?
I promise you,
you absolutely do not exist,
you fucking nothing.
You do not deserve
his furniture.
Wow.
Yep.
[Mortimer quacking]
Hey, Travis.
You okay?
[Mortimer quacking]
Hey, you want to hold Mortimer?
[quacking]
- Hey.
- It's okay, buddy.
It's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
[footsteps approaching]
[Lottie]
There you are.
♪ eerie, ethereal music ♪
♪
Look, about
what happened today...
- I hurt you.
- I'm fine.
I tried to hurt you.
Travis...
...you're connecting with It,
that's what's important.
Lottie, I can't.
I-I don't think that It's--
Travis, we have to understand
what It wants from us.
Otherwise,
how do we keep It happy?
The thing is, um...
...It actually told me
that It didn't want me.
What are you talking about?
[Travis] Someone else here
is already closer to It.
It's why the animals trust her.
[Misty sighs]
Any sign of Mari?
Hey, we did good today.
We'll try again tomorrow.
[chuckles softly]
Hey, Shipman,
have I got something
- you're gonna want to hear.
- I don't give a shit, Misty.
I think Natalie knows
where Coach Scott is.
Did you tell anyone else?
Mm-mm.
Good.
Don't.
[chuckles]
[scoffs]
Maybe he's wearing it
to the party.
He certainly likes to party.
I did a lap, bare-wristed.
I think he knew
there was a chance
his ex would be there looking.
We're searching
for a diamond watch
because this douche cared
more about that timepiece
than quality time
with his wife...
- Oh, my God!
- [gasps]
[laughing]
Oh, God.
She's crazy and I love it.
She's scary.
It's true, but it's
fun to watch, isn't it?
So good.
[both laughing]
Oh, hi.
How was dinner?
Misty, what the hell?
I asked you to not let them
talk to each other.
[Misty groaning]
[retches]
Oh, my God. Oh, my God, Misty.
[stammers]
[Misty groans]
Do you have a drinking problem?
Mm-mm. Mm.
Were you in urgent care
this whole time?
[sighs]
Yes.
Hey, uh, I'm sorry I butted in
earlier about the doctor.
It's cool.
It was the right move.
Yeah, but still.
It is a delicate moment
in your life, and...
mm, it's just not my place
to bring more stress into it.
Um, some-some shit is
our business,
and... some isn't.
[laughs]
Wait. Wh-Why is that funny?
It's not.
I-I appreciate that.
Thank you.
So, um,
- how was the restaurant?
- Uh--
Oh. Um, no, it was...
it was good.
Uh, pretty straightforward.
How was urgent care?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Same.
Uh, yeah. Elevate it.
No marathons.
The end.
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[door opens]
Oh, my God.
A-Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
[grunts]
Why do you smell like coconut?
Why do you look so worried?
- [door closes]
- We, uh...
we just had
an awesome sleepover.
It was amazing.
We just, like,
let our hair down and...
bonded.
So much bonding.
And, um...
It was just--
[chuckles]
- It was really good.
- Sleepover?
It's 11 p.m.
And you're drunker
than you were last night.
Oh.
Well, what have you been up to?
I can't believe Shauna let you
drive home in this condition.
[slurring] Well, it's because
Shauna's not the boss of me,
Walter.
And neither are you.
My point is that
a real friend would've called
a ride for you
or called me even.
- But once again, your "friends"
- [Misty groans]
can't seem to even do
the bare minimum--
Stop air quoting my friendships!
[groans]
You'd tell me, wouldn't you?
If you were on drugs?
Oh, my God, would you stop?!
I cannot stand it anymore.
You're always fussing over me.
You spy, and you hover.
And you do me all these favors
that I didn't ask you to do.
It's sweet, but don't you have
anything better to do?
I mean,
don't you have any friends?
I have friends.
And loving me means
loving those friends.
If you can't accept
how important they are to me
'cause, whatever,
you're jealous, then...
maybe we shouldn't
even be together.
Misty, no, you can't mean that.
Please, please,
I-I didn't mean to upset you.
I just genuinely care
about you, is all.
Yeah, well,
you're doing it wrong!
- Misty, please.
- Come on, just leave.
You're drunk
and you're grieving.
- Get out, go!
- Misty.
What?
[exhales]
[fire crackling]
You're wrong, you know.
We didn't kill Javi.
We did eat him, but we had to.
He saved us.
And anyway,
we're not doing that anymore.
Akilah's been raising ducks.
Gen's been hunting.
And they're gonna come
looking for me.
And I'm gonna tell them
how you set a fucked-up
Silence of the Lambs
trap in the woods
and took me prisoner.
Is that really what you want?
You know, I'm starting
to believe you did
start that fire, and I...
don't...
What's this?
- It's hot chocolate.
- What?
How?
I found it.
You're welcome.
[slurping]
Mmm.
[moaning and slurping]
♪ haunting music ♪
[Ben]
Quiet. I'm just trying to think.
[indistinct chatter]
Just let me think.
I can't think like this.
That-That's enough!
Stop!
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
[sighs]
Shauna,
tonight was
really important to me.
I just--
[sighs]
You walk around like
you're the only person here.
I get-- I get it, Jeff.
I do. I'm--
I know how-- I'm sorry, okay?
[sighs]
[Candlebox's "Far Behind"
playing]
[exhales]
♪ Now maybe ♪
♪ Didn't mean to treat you bad ♪
[clears throat]
♪ But I did it anyway ♪
[birds chirping]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
[leaves rustling]
Get out here.
Hi. Uh-- Hello.
Um, I am the person
who found the phone
in the restroom earlier.
Was that you? Yeah, okay.
Great.
Okay. Yeah. Um...
yeah, so I'm just...
following up.
[Melissa] I'm sorry, I didn't,
like, follow you this morning.
I just was really scared.
And then I couldn't sleep
and then I happened to see you
going somewhere,
and I thought...
"Melissa, it's crazy out there.
You should probably
keep an eye on each other."
[Shauna]
So...
did someone claim it?
[swallows]
Yeah.
I'm just a-a Good Samaritan
trying to do my due diligence.
No one has any right to my baby.
- [breathing shakily]
- He's my baby.
Oh. Uh, no, um...
I-I agree.
[Shauna]
Okay, what do you mean why?
I am not being difficult.
I'm just-- Look, look, look!
Could you just, uh--
Fine. Fine.
I'm sorry...
for everything
that's happened to you.
Um, you are...
you're so resilient.
And that's so important
out here.
Uh, yeah.
Hi, it's me again. Uh--
Oh, really? Well, you know what?
I...
[quietly] I would like
to speak to the manager.
[Melissa breathing shakily]
Everyone's afraid of you,
you know?
But, like...
I'm not.
If you tell anybody about this,
I will fucking kill you.
Oh, so someone did pick it up?
Thank you.
I will kill you, and I
will gut your little fucking--
[breathing heavily]
What did she look like?
[panting]
♪ intense music ♪
♪
♪ That girl thinks she's
the queen of the neighborhood ♪
♪ She's got
the hottest trike in town ♪
♪ That girl,
she holds her head up so high ♪
♪ I think I want to be
her best friend, yeah ♪
♪ Rebel girl, rebel girl ♪
♪ Rebel girl, you are
the queen of my world ♪
♪ Rebel girl, rebel girl ♪
♪ I think I want
to take you home ♪
♪ I want to try
on your clothes, uh ♪